# GenEd.io
## Chinemerem Iweala, Sagar Chand
[Interface](https://guarded-earth-10598.herokuapp.com/final-project/)
With this project, we were aiming to help University of Maryland students choose General Education classes quicker. The stakeholders consist of UMD students with unfulfilled GenEd requirements. Our target devices were laptops and computers with larger screens, but mobile devices are still supported. We chose to work with UMD course data provided by [umd.io](https://umd.io/). We decided to make our application work as a search engine; filtering the results of the data available based on input by the user. This felt easy to navigate by the user as well as felt like something that could be developed in the time that we had available. Our final system helps the problem by allowing users to search by topics (which is not supported by [Testudo](https://app.testudo.umd.edu/soc/)) and showing the number of open seats available in each section. We could not get the application to filter by GenEds, which decreases its usefulness. 

Future designs should have this feature, as well as having the results presented in a cleaner manner. For any developer who is planning on further improving this application in the future there are a few details that you should know. Currently we have the api fetch the data in the test.js and the test.js also runs the the functions in charge of breaking down the data and matching values that the user inputed into the text field to return a list of courses back. The layout of the returned list is also provided in test.js. The task for future developers is to get the get, post and put API methods fixed in the server.js because neither the team nor the AMP was able to figure out what was going wrong. Once the get, post and put methods are fixed, the developers should focus on retrieving the data in the server.js and use the data in the test.js to output suggestions to the user audience. Aside from the server, the only other issue that the future developers should focus on is to extract the gen-ed data from the array in the json api. We were unable to extract values from the array and doing this will alot the user audience to search for classes according the the specified gen-ed requirements they typed in.